[tense music playing]
[Aiden] A chemical weapon
in the hands of unknown assailants,
agents chasing ghosts
around every corner of the city,
and your only solid lead
managed to disappear with your agent.
Is Sutherland a suspect now?
The secretary general
of the United Nations
has something that I seek.
You bring me that file,
and I'll give you the location of where
the Foxglove weapon is being assembled
and where Ms. Larkin
is currently being held captive.
I need to get into the UN. If you help me,
I can take you to your mother.
[panel beeping]
[printer whirring]
[Abbas in Farsi] It's true...
You're spying for the Americans.
[Noor in Farsi] The French report...
Your daughter's on that list.
Let me leave.
We can warn these people.
Give your daughter that chance.
- [in English] Where is he?
- I need you to trust me. Shoot me,
or get out of my way.
Under no circumstances
can you complete your work here, doctor.
Stall, and I'll get you and the girl out.
What's going on?
We are done doing it your way.
- You're taking this too far.
- [Markus] Lock him in the fridge.
- I am Tomás Bala!
- You were never worthy of the Bala name.
[Tomás] No! No!
[Tomás screaming]
[screaming continues]
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[Peter] What,
are you trying to walk me to death?
[Rose chuckling] Did you know
that one of the Thomas Jefferson quotes
engraved in his memorial
was only partially written by Jefferson?
[indistinct chatter]
How would I know that, Rose?
How do you know that?
This place is just so full of history,
and we can't see it all in one day.
How about we go
to the Library of Congress next?
[sighing] You know this day
has to end, right?
I know. It's stupid.
I thought if we could keep walking,
I could make the day last longer.
[Peter] So that's the plan?
It was worth a shot.
Okay. Let's keep walking, then.
- Come on.
- Stop dragging me.
[both laughing]
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[Peter] Hey.
What is it? What are you thinking about?
I'm sorry, I just...
I like this.
Us.
Yeah.
Yeah, me too.
But this is still
all just a fantasy, right?
I mean, you're getting on a plane
tomorrow to God knows where,
and I'm... I'm going home.
This will all just be a distant memory.
- I couldn't turn down Travers.
- And I wouldn't want you to.
Being a night agent is what you wanna be.
It's what you should be.
It's just hard, because...
the only two night agents I knew were my...
[somber music playing]
Yeah.
I'll be careful.
We only just found each other,
and your whole future
is about to be classified.
There are a lot of reasons
why an agent's activities are classified.
The most important one is, um...
Is to protect the people they love.
I just wish we had more time.
Yeah.
You know, we, uh...
We found each other once, right?
[both chuckling softly]
[Rose] Yeah, we did.
Maybe we will again.
Yeah, maybe.
[opening theme music playing]
[machine whirring]
[sinister music playing]
[air hissing]
[button clicking]
Careful, please.
[door closing]
[indistinct chatter]
[banging on glass]
That's the complete batch.
We've done everything you asked.
So please, my family.
You're done when we say.
- Finish a batch, start a new one!
- [music fades]
Now!
Close those up.
[indistinct chatter]
Hypothetically, what would happen
if these canisters
were distributed into an HVAC?
Depending on the size of the system
and the number of canisters,
it could spread from
the targeted building and into the city.
People would suffocate in the streets.
Horrific mass casualty
on a scale we haven't seen sin--
We are weaponizing
a massive terror attack.
I never wanted this.
Foxglove was an experiment
to protect lives.
- I can't mix another--
- [banging on door]
Back to work!
I... I have to.
They have my girls. I... I have to.
Well, I have a good feeling that
they would vote to stop the terrorists.
We've given them 15 K.X. canisters.
The damage is already done.
What if we mitigated the rest?
[tense music playing]
Mess with the next batch somehow?
If I altered the recipe slightly,
we could mix an inactive batch.
- It might not look exactly like the firs--
- We have to try.
How do I help?
[indistinct chatter]
Sure this ID will work? Looks rushed.
It was rushed.
[music fades]
Where are you going once we get inside?
Secretary general's office.
- Really?
- What, is that a problem?
You'll need more than a guest badge.
You need credentials
on high-security floors.
I'll figure something out.
When you get up there,
look for Lars Troost.
He's the principal advisor
to the secretary general.
We've worked together before.
He'll help with whatever you need
as long as he thinks you're important.
[Peter] Thanks.
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[panel chiming]
[Noor] Stay to the right
once you're at the top of the stairs.
The elevators are in the back.
The rest is up to you.
Okay.
Good luck.
[music fades]
Once you're out, give Sami a call
on the phone that I gave you.
He's tracking it, so he'll be close by.
He'll take you to your mother. Okay?
Listen,
I'm sorry I screwed things up.
[dramatic music playing]
I need you to know that I...
Goodbye, Peter.
Bye.
[music fades]
[in Farsi] Noor turned off the cameras
before stealing it. I already checked.
[in Farsi] You just let her take it?
Of course not. I tried to stop her,
but she ran out the door.
I don't think I need to remind you
what happens
if that list finds its way
out of regime hands.
Do I?
You're threatening me?
This wouldn't have been a problem
if you hadn't moved it here.
I told you it was secure
back in my private study.
[tense music playing]
[Javad seething]
Insolent shrew.
Did she say where she was going?
No. But I have a pretty good idea.
The UN building.
When I've collected her,
you and I will talk
with the foreign minister.
You're forgetting
who governs our office, Javad.
And you're forgetting
who governs our republic.
Diplomats are replaced every day.
You'd do well to remember that.
[tense music swelling]
[Haleh gasping]
- [music fades]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [woman] It should be in the memo.
- Noor, what are you doing here?
Amélie, do you have a moment?
Uh, no. Not right now.
We have a large agenda to prepare for.
If you're around tomorrow, I can...
Is everything okay?
Here. Take it, please.
What is it?
It's yours. We shouldn't have it.
Why are you being so cryptic?
Just tell me what's...
going on.
[suspenseful music playing]
- Where did you get these?
- The regime.
They're going to hunt down
the dissidents in France one by one.
You have to protect them. All of them.
They will kill you for this.
I know what I'm doing.
[cell phone vibrating]
Sorry, I have to go.
- [in Farsi] Haleh?
- Noor, Javad knows where you are.
What?
Javad knows where you are, Noor.
Get out of there right now.
[breath shuddering]
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[elevator chiming]
- [man] One of the delegation...
- Excuse me.
[man] I'll make copies.
Get it to your office.
Great.
[music fades]
- Can I help you?
- Uh, yeah.
IT? Not again. Seriously?
You guys were here last week.
What is it this time,
more malware updates?
- I'm afraid so.
- Okay. I'll go get Carrie.
- Actually, is, uh, is Lars around?
- Troost?
- Yeah.
- Sure.
You want to start in the big office first?
That'd be great. Yeah.
And we can let Carrie take a break.
- She's dealt with this enough.
- We all have. No offense.
None taken.
[knocking on door]
Lars, IT is here.
- Again? Where is Carrie?
- [woman] He wants to start in here.
With the secretary general's computer.
Fine, but we've got
back-to-back meetings in half an hour.
Won't take me that long.
- [tense music playing]
- [door closing]
The IT guys are really on the clock
this week, huh?
Yeah. Uh, nothing new for us.
[crowd cheering, clamoring]
[crowd chanting] Hagan! Hagan! Hagan!
[man] Come on, let's go!
Hagan! Hagan! Hagan!
Looks like the circus is in town.
Are you sure they're here?
The phone they used last night connected
with the cell tower 15 minutes ago.
Can't say Peter's still with her, but...
If he is, let's find him.
[crowd chanting] Hagan! Hagan! Hagan!
[suspenseful music playing]
[door closing]
[Wilfred] Their lack of discretion
around us is unsettling.
They don't expect us to survive.
- [Lars] Almost done?
- Uh, yeah. Almost.
Hey, before you leave,
maybe you could help me with something?
Sure.
[Lars] I always get these notifications
to share my Wi-Fi
with someone from another office.
Of course, I decline,
but it... it keeps pinging me.
Just set it there.
- I'll get to it when I'm done.
- Certainly.
[Peter] Thanks.
[mouse scrolling]
- Whoa, what-- What are you doing?
- What are you talking about?
Why do you have all his files open?
What are you looking for?
Hey, answer me.
[Lars grunting, groaning]
- I'm looking for a file.
- What kind of file?
It's supposed to be on here,
but it's not, okay?
That's the file number.
Does that mean anything?
- Last eight digits, that's the date log.
- Yeah, I know.
Then you know why it's not
on his computer. It's several years old.
- You're telling me there's no copies?
- No.
I am telling you it's not up here.
But down in the archives, definitely,
we've got backups of everything.
- How do I know you're not bullshitting me?
- I'm the one who copies everything over.
Seriously, after every session, he has me
store terabytes of data down there.
I know what I'm talking about.
[suspenseful music playing]
Great, come on.
[crowd chanting] Our president,
our country! Our president, our country!
Let's go! Hagan!
[crowd chanting] Our president,
our country! Our president, our country!
[in Farsi] Drop it.
Drop it or I'll break your neck.
[crowd chanting in English]
Hagan! Hagan! Hagan!
[man] America! America!
[crowd chanting] America! America!
America! America!
[man 2] Hey, watch it!
You trying to start something, asshole?
- Piss off.
- What'd you say to me?
- Get out of my way. Move!
- Dude, what's your problem?
- Don't touch me.
- I said move.
[man 2] Son, you better apologize
before we turn you
into a fucking rag doll.
Sir, I'm a protected member
of the diplomatic body
under international law.
- Allow me to pass, or else--
- [man 2] What?
You gonna tell your foreign friends
we ain't being nice enough?
You better humble your shithead boyfriend
before we do it for you.
He's not my boyfriend.
[in Farsi] Stay still, you lying bitch.
- [in English] What'd he say?
- He said your mother's a dirty whore.
- [man 2] Son of a bitch.
- [woman] Hey!
[crowd clamoring]
[all grunting]
[man 2] Get him!
- [men grunting]
- [Javad grunting]
[woman 2] You're my hero, Hagan!
- [Noor grunting]
- [woman 3] Watch it!
[Noor grunting, wincing]
[in Farsi] You okay?
[in English] My mother, where is she?
You want me to take you to her?
It's up to you.
[tense music playing]
Careful.
[Lars groaning]
[door buzzing, clicking]
- Not this way.
- There is no other way.
There is if you wanna be able
to type 90 words per minute--
Stop. Stop, it's the truth.
I can get you through.
Just ease up a bit. We'll be in and out.
I don't have a high pain tolerance,
so trust me when I say I want this
to be over as much as you do.
Okay, come on.
[door buzzing, clicking]
Lock him in! Lock him in!
Go!
Show me your hands! Hands now!
No!
[both grunting, straining]
[guard grunting]
[guard groaning]
[music fades]
[Lars's breath shuddering]
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- Come here.
[Lars grunting]
[Peter seething]
[suspenseful music playing]
- Which one is it?
- Uh...
Uh, here. Here.
It's... it's the last bin. It's labeled.
- Which row is it?
- The third one.
Everything is cataloged according to date.
Can... Can I go now?
Yeah. Get out of here.
Excuse me.
[crowd chanting]
America! America! America!
[music fades]
Peter!
[crowd chanting] America! America!
[suspenseful music playing]
Disperse immediately,
or you will be detained!
I said, disperse immediately,
This is now an unauthorized gathering!
Stop.
This assembly
does not have a proper permit!
This way. This way.
- [crowd chanting] Hagan! Hagan! Hagan!
- [officer] Disperse immediately!
This gathering is unauthorized!
[crowd chanting] Hagan! Hagan! Hagan!
[officer] You will be detained!
This assembly
does not have a proper permit!
[music fades]
What did Peter get himself into
to have to pull protection
from a piece of shit like you?
[Solomon] I don't kiss and tell.
[Catherine] Yeah, a true gentleman.
Up here. Just a few more feet.
[car beeping]
[Solomon] Get in the trunk.
You need to pull that trigger right now,
'cause if you don't, I'm gonna stick
that Glock so far up your ass
you'll sneeze gunpowder.
You ain't selling wolf tickets,
sweetheart. Time's up.
- [gun firing]
- [both grunting]
- [Catherine roaring]
- [Solomon grunting]
- [high-pitched ringing]
- [Solomon groaning]
[Catherine groaning]
[tense music playing]
It's working.
[machine whirring]
- [Markus] Where are you with batch two?
- We're filling the first canister now.
No test tube to demonstrate?
We're well past proof of concept.
[Markus] Zann!
[Gloria yelping, grunting]
[Gloria] No!
[Gloria continues yelping, grunting]
- Gloria!
- No! Wil. We're okay. We're okay.
- Don't hurt her!
- Then stop fucking around.
The fluid in the vial I tested,
the stuff that worked, that was purple.
Manufacturing is a delicate process.
[Gloria grunting]
Oh my-- No! No! No!
I didn't expect to find
your research notes so compelling, doctor.
You have a way with words.
Like your description
of the signature purple hue of viable K.X.
It's not a quick death
getting stuck in the belly.
No, you have to give it time
for the stomach acids to spill out.
Time for sepsis to choke the organs.
More than enough time
for you to make me another batch.
But if you dawdle,
try to sabotage your work again,
no, it will not be my time
you will be wasting, it will be hers.
[weakly] No. No.
- [Wilfred] Gloria!
- No!
- Gloria!
- [Gloria] Wilfred!
You three, stay behind with Zann and Elek.
- The rest of you with me.
- Oh my God. Oh my God.
[tense music playing]
[keypad beeping, chiming]
[lock whirring, clicking]
[door opening]
[Abbas in Farsi] Javad.
A moment, please.
Now!
[Abbas sighing]
What are you two doing here?
You should be in search of--
I called them back.
You called them back?
- [Abbas scoffs]
- [music fades]
For what?
We weren't able to recover any video
from last night's theft.
But we did find something else
that was rather curious...
What exactly is your relationship
to the traitor, Javad?
Relationship?
[tense music playing]
It's my job
to know every member
of the staff in detail.
That's all that is.
Information gathering.
[Abbas] Hmm.
What kind of information?
The same kind that lets me know
what city and street
your mouthy daughter lives on.
Information is leverage.
And leverage
is how the Islamic Republic
protects its people from temptation.
You know much about temptation,
don't you?
Is that why you moved the list
to the mission?
For Noor?
Because she made you feel special?
I don't have time for these idiotic games.
[all grunting]
[Javad straining]
You accuse me...
while she slips through our fingers?!
I'm just gathering information.
You think your word
and some video clips
are enough to impeach my position
to the foreign minister?
I'll see you hung for this.
Not just my word.
There are other witnesses.
Please, come.
[Javad scoffing]
Oh hi... What's going on?
To be honest,
we're still piecing it together.
But I'll tell you what it looks like.
You moved highly sought-after
intelligence, disregarding my advice,
to your office.
Where it was subsequently stolen
by a woman you appeared quite close to.
It looks like you were
working with her this whole time.
People back home
have many questions for you.
Inshallah, you'll have answers for them...
[tense music swelling]
Take him.
[music fades]
[dramatic music playing]
[Noor sighing]
[knocking on door]
[in Farsi] Oh my girl!
My girl!
[both crying]
[Azita sniffling]
I can't believe you're here.
Never leave me.
You're all I have left.
[Azita sobbing]
[both sobbing]
[music fades]
We could end this all here.
What?
Ethanol and sulfuric acid
are extremely volatile together.
I could seal up the exhaust vent
to speed the reaction
and contain the fire in here, with us.
You'd burn us alive.
[Wilfred chuckling softly]
[whispering] There's no way
they let any of us live.
There are other people with my skill set,
but this lab and those chemicals
are unique to K.X.
We can't change what we've done.
But if we forfeit our lives
to destroy this lab,
we might prevent it
from happening in the future.
No. We're not done fighting.
[banging on glass]
Less talking, more working!
[tense music playing]
There's only five guys watching us.
With what we have, could you make
something before Markus gets here?
Something toxic, airborne?
Like a knockout gas?
Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
[door closing]
[Markus breathing deeply, exhaling]
Uncle.
Hello? Uncle Viktor?
I was expecting Tomás.
I came in his place.
There were some complications.
Complications?
[exhaling]
He betrayed us.
Betrayed you.
I did what needed to be done.
He went quick. I made sure of it.
[sinister music playing]
Tomás...
[Viktor breathing deeply]
So much promise.
I will mourn the boy he was,
but less the man he grew to be.
There was no other way. I'm sorry.
Tell me, was his sacrifice enough
to keep our plan intact?
Ready to go.
On your order.
- On my order? [chuckling]
- [Markus] Yes, sir.
The Western world thinks us savages,
and yet they peddle
the very instrument of that savagery.
It's time, Markus.
Make me proud, my son.
Show them the pain they have wrought.
[siren wailing in distance]
[gears shifting]
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm clean.
You wanna trust him on that?
Take a seat.
[door whirring closed]
[tramway whirring]
[suspenseful music continues]
I assessed you as a safe bet.
Where's Rose?
Goods first,
then services.
What am I handing to you?
A little late for curiosity, isn't it?
I need to know that I'm not giving you
Foxglove or endangering people's lives.
You're inches from the goal, Peter.
Don't choke this late in the game.
Just hand over the case file,
then you can run off and save your damsel.
[tramway powering down]
[music fades]
This is an ICC criminal case file, right?
About who?
What's this trade worth to you?
His name is Viktor Bala.
He's a war criminal
being held at The Hague,
convicted of using Foxglove compound K.X.
on his own people.
Claims the Americans sold it to him.
That's bullshit.
Well, there was no corroborating evidence,
so the ICC dismissed U.S. involvement.
It would take someone very high up
in the ICC or the UN
to tamper with that investigation.
- The secretary general?
- [man] Yeah.
Now, if there's any credibility
to what Viktor claims,
then it is your duty to expose it. Yes?
Start by sharing that truth with me.
- What are you gonna do with it?
- You've already paid for this deal.
Your face and fingerprints
are all over this UN intel leak.
Don't make your sacrifice meaningless.
[dramatic music playing]
The file you requested
doesn't exist on his current computer,
but that drive has monthly backups
from 2018, the year you requested.
If he downloaded the file to delete it--
And here it is.
Along with the contents
of his entire computer.
Above and beyond.
I hope it wasn't too much trouble.
No, it just cost me my face and my prints.
[man exclaiming]
Be wiped clean by the morning.
- I protect my sources.
- [Peter scoffing]
[man] Unlike Russia,
or even the FBI, I hear.
You were quick to give up Bala.
He's been a problematic client.
Exposed me to unnecessary risks.
And some sources
are more valuable than others.
Consider it a compliment.
If you already had an in at the UN,
why send me?
Well, I can never resist
a two-for-one deal.
High-security intel
and a inside man at Night Action?
That is what it's called, right?
Ah, don't worry.
Your secret's safe with me.
On one condition.
When I call, you answer.
I hear Sutherland Sr.
knew when to make a deal.
Understood value.
That's in your blood.
Own it.
Trust it.
Your life for hers, right?
- Where is she?
- Vandervoort and Jackson, Brooklyn.
Old meatpacking warehouse.
Viktor Bala's men took her, right?
Yes. Led by his son.
What are they planning on doing
with the K.X.?
Well, that's for you to find out.
[tramway whirring]
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct chatter over police radio]
[music fades]
[Aiden] Your doing?
He started it.
And Sutherland?
I lost him outside the UN.
Big guy intervened.
So they were working together?
[camera shutter clicking]
[cell phone vibrating]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Catherine] Yes?
- Vandervoort and Jackson, Brooklyn.
- [Catherine] Peter.
That's where they're keeping Rose
in an old meatpacking warehouse.
And the K.X.?
- [Peter] And the K.X.
- Who? How do you know?
Meet me there. I'll explain everything.
[both coughing]
[Elek] Guys?
Guys? Are you all right?
Shit.
[men continue coughing]
[door opening]
[Elek] Help! Help!
I need help!
Help!
[Elek grunting]
[Elek coughing, gasping]
[Wilfred] Come on! They're this way!
[suspenseful music playing]
- [Wilfred] That's Tomás.
- [Rose] That's what K.X. does?
[Wilfred] Only ten milliliters of it.
Our first batch armed them
with 20,000 times that amount.
- Jesse. Look at me.
- [Jesse shuddering]
It's okay.
- I'm--
- [door opening]
- No!
- [Wilfred] Hey.
- You're okay.
- You came for us!
- Of course.
- [Rose] We gotta move.
There's still two guys in the warehouse.
[Wilfred] Do not take off the mask.
Got it?
Let me carry you.
[Gloria] No. Wil, you get our baby out.
- [Wilfred] Okay.
- [Rose] I got her. Come on.
- Okay.
- [Rose] We're right behind you. Go.
Go.
- Go!
- [Jesse] Yeah.
[Rose] Okay, here. Here.
Come on.
[Gloria grunting, breathing heavily]
[door opening]
Hey!
[Rose] Get her out of here!
Markus will want them alive.
[men coughing]
[both breathing heavily]
[Gloria groaning]
- [man grunting]
- [Rose grunting]
[Gloria whimpering]
[Gloria] Oh God! No!
[Wilfred] Barricade the door!
[Jesse] Help me!
[door closing]
[Wilfred] Go, go, go.
[Zann grunting]
[door crashing]
Go. Call for help.
But what about you?
Be brave, bunny. I'm getting your mom.
[Jesse panting]
- [Peter] Hey!
- [Jesse gasping]
Hey, I'm FBI. I'm here to help.
- My parents, they're inside.
- And a woman? Rose?
With my mom. Please you have to--
Take this! Don't take it off inside.
Okay. Go up the street, get out of sight,
don't come out till the cops get here.
Please... save my parents.
[Jesse panting]
[Gloria groaning]
[Zann straining]
[both women grunting]
[Zann] Come here.
- [Zann grunting]
- [body thudding]
[Gloria groaning] Oh God.
[gun firing]
[Peter grunting]
[gun clicking]
[both grunting]
[both straining]
[Peter coughing]
[man grunting, groaning]
[Peter gasping]
[Peter breathing heavily, groaning]
[Wilfred] Jesse's outside getting help.
Go down the hall and to the right.
Then we can--
- Oh God! I'm sorry.
- [Rose] Let me help. Come on.
- Come on. I can go in--
- [Wilfred] Go, go, go!
[Rose] We gotta go. Come on.
[Wilfred] No!
[man grunting]
[both grunting]
[Wilfred grunting, groaning]
[Wilfred panting, groaning]
[Rose] Okay, help's on the way.
We just need to hold on, okay?
[Peter panting]
[Rose] Hide in here. Quickly.
- [Gloria shuddering]
- [Rose whispering] It's okay.
- [door slams]
- [Gloria gasping]
[footsteps approaching]
[both screaming]
[Rose] Peter.
[Rose] It's gonna be okay.
[tense music playing]
[both grunting]
[Peter grunting]
[both straining]
[man coughing]
[music fades]
[both panting]
[Rose] Are you okay?
[Peter] Yeah. You?
[Rose] Uh-huh.
[sirens wailing]
[officers shouting indistinctly]
- [officer 1] Show your hands!
- [officer 2] On your knees!
- Down on your knees!
- Stay down!
[officer 3] Get down on your knees
and show us your hands!
[officers shouting]
Stand down! They're with us.
- [Jesse] Mom!
- [Gloria] Jesse!
Oh baby!
[officer 1] Nobody goes in without a mask.
[officer 2] Copy that!
- What happened here?
- They have it.
- K.X.? You two made it for them?
- They had Dr. Cole's family.
This guy, Tomás Bala,
tried to help sabotage it, but...
Tomás Bala? Viktor Bala's son?
Wait, hold on. Viktor Bala, the dictator,
his son has something to do with this?
Had. His cousin Markus killed him
with a tiny vial of K.X.
His body's in the fridge.
- What happened to everyone else?
- Markus and his men left hours ago.
They took a batch of canisters with them.
- Where are they?
- The UN. I found their uniforms.
Viktor Bala claims America
sold him completed K.X.
Okay? He blames the UN
for covering up America's involvement.
We gave them 15 canisters of K.X.
That's enough poison
to wipe out Midtown Manhattan.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[sinister music playing]
[cases clattering]
Load them in.
[sinister music swelling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]